hi I'm Camille Parker from Camille's
dish calm and today I'm going to show
you how to make an easy minestrone soup
and when I say easy I mean easy you are
gonna love how simple this is you're not
gonna believe it so all you need to do
is start with a pot of water and turn it
on get it going now the ingredients that
we have over here our onions carrots
celery and green beans some diced tomato
we have some kidney beans a little pasta
these are little orecchiette parmesan
and some parmesan rind a bay leaf fresh
parsley salt and pepper
so all I'm gonna do is throw the
ingredients into the boiling water or
the simmering water and let him cook I
learned this from my friend Alfredo :
Naples and I was amazed when he showed
me the soup he said I don't know why
would you saute them you just throw them
in there and they get all the flavor
it's it's wonderful you're essentially
making a stock inside your soup
so onions carrots celery and green beans
can all go in together just like that
I will also add a little bit of salt to
this as well as the tomatoes now the
minestrone in general is a soup made
with vegetables usually a bean a pasta
and and or rice not and or pasta or rice
and a tomato product so we're using
fresh tomatoes to make it super simple
on ourselves and we're gonna going to
just let all the vegetables simmer in
there together
for a little while and then we're gonna
add well first we're gonna add the
parmesan rind and this is sort of a nice
little trick to add some depth of flavor
so if you have a parm piece of parm at
your house go ahead and just cut off a
piece of the rind which you would
normally throw away anyway and go ahead
and toss that right in your soup and
that's only extra flavor and you're
gonna get to utilize the entire hunk of
cheese which
you know you don't want to you don't
want to waste any of his delicious
parmesan so that's what we're gonna do
okay we're also gonna add one bay leaf
and then I'm gonna put a lid on the pot
and let it simmer now the beans because
they're already cooked I'm not going to
add in till the end and the pasta as
well the pasta we're gonna add the very
last 10 minutes so that it's not
overcooked when we want to eat our soup
so we're just gonna leave that pot there
for about 30 45 minutes and come back
and check on it okay so now that all of
our vegetables are very tender in our
minestrone we're going to go ahead and
add the beans and the pasta so what I
want to do first is make sure that the
broth is seasoned the way I want it
because now the pasta is gonna go in and
the pasta is gonna absorb the water from
the broth and so we want it to be
properly seasoned so that the pasta in
the end tastes good tastes like the
broth it's pretty good I'm gonna add a
little tiny bit more salt it's always
easier to add some than to take it away
so I like to under sult first and
continue to add so now I'm just gonna go
straight in with my kidney beans you can
use any kind of bean you like white
beans are often used i like cranberry
beans or borlotti beans as well and now
I'm just gonna add the pasta and the
pasta as well you can you can use
whatever type of pasta you prefer these
are little tiny orecchiette it means
little ears and these are just teensy
tiny little ones and I like them a lot
for minestrone or other brothy sauces
because they have that little cup so
they so they kind of scoop up the sauce
and the broth of the the juice sort of
carry it to your mouth they're like your
own little spoon so then I'm just gonna
stir this up in here I'm gonna add a
little bit of parsley as well now and
then I'm gonna save some for the end so
you're gonna get it cooked into the
sauce and then you're going to get a
freshness of it at the end as well so
I'm gonna put a lid on it and let him
cook until the pasta is finished so the
minestrone will only get better with
time so I recommend that if you have
time you make it before you're gonna
need it
let it sit maybe even overnight and then
heat it back up and add the pasta we've
already put the pasta in and it's fully
cooked now so now we're just gonna
finish it off by giving it a little
ladle right into the bowl you can see
the pasta and all of those wonderful
veggies and the green beans and a little
bit of parsley as well we're gonna it's
gonna be a nice hearty but but pretty
light soup because we've we've put it
together fairly quickly it will get more
intense flavor the longer you let it sit
so this is such a quick and easy way to
do minestrone I mean you just throw it
in a pot and let it simmer for a while
and this is what you get this beautiful
soup so now I'm just gonna finish it off
with a little bit of grated parmigiano
cheese of course we already had the rind
in in the soup to begin and that's gonna
add some depth of flavor and now we're
just gonna give it another fresh
sprinkle on the top it's gonna be delish
and besides that we're gonna go with a
little bit of parsley and there you have
it easy minestrone soup I hope you
enjoyed it I'm Camille Parker from
Camille's dish calm